_Call with Sonja._
_Looked at [sample deriver implementation](https://github.com/ocaml-ppx/ppxlib/tree/main/examples/simple-deriver) documented in `ppxlib`._

_From the readme:_
- `.mli` files are called interface or signature files. They contain the type signatures of the corresponding implementation file (`.ml`).
- Types can still explicitly be specified inline in the code, for readability but also to help the compiler if needed. Usually, the compiler does a great job, but for very complex cases that use complex algebraic forms, explicitly specifiying types inline might be necessary. 
- In vscode and other editors, you can see the types explicitly in the code, in a small annotation above each line with new functions. The compiler generates these inferences.
- You can think of all values as functions in functional programming. In this example, `a` is a function that can be given a record `x` of type `t` to return the first property in the record, of type `string`. So in the interface file, the signature of `a` is `t -> string`.

_From the implementation (`.ml` file):_
- For this deriver implementation it might be useful to look at the code from bottom to top. This is because the order of code matters in OCaml, and for something to be used at the bottom it needs to have been defined above it.
- Last line:
```
let my_deriver =
  Deriving.add "accessors" ~str_type_decl:impl_generator
    ~sig_type_decl:intf_generator
```
`str_type_decl` is for structure type declaration, and `sig_type_decl` is for signature type declaration. 

- Using vscode, we move to the definition of `Deriving.add` in `ppxlib`. We see all optional parameters for `add`.